v8.4: update CentOS 7-related descriptions (#19430)
pingcap/docs: hardware-and-software-requirements.md

> **Note:**
>
> - For Oracle Enterprise Linux, TiDB supports the Red Hat Compatible Kernel (RHCK) and does not support the Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel provided by Oracle Enterprise Linux.

> > - According to [CentOS Linux EOL](https://www.centos.org/centos-linux-eol/), the upstream support for CentOS Linux 7 ended on June 30, 2024. Starting from v8.4.0, TiDB ends the support for CentOS 7. It is recommended to use Rocky Linux 9.1 or later. While the upstream support for CentOS Linux 8 ended on December 31, 2021, CentOS Stream 8 continues to be supported by the CentOS organization.

Author: ```suggestion
> - According to [CentOS Linux EOL](https://www.centos.org/centos-linux-eol/), the upstream support for CentOS Linux 7 ends on June 30, 2024. TiDB ends the support for CentOS 7 starting from the 8.4 DMR version. It is recommended to use Rocky Linux 9.1 or a later version. While the upstream support for CentOS Linux 8 ends on December 31, 2021, CentOS Stream 8 continues to be supported by the CentOS organization.
```
